[EFS] Update service Account right for trident CSI (#9046)
ovh/docs: pages/storage_and_backup/file_storage/enterprise_file_storage/netapp_trident_csi/guide.en-gb.md

| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/accessPath/get   | Get NFS mount point for a share |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/acl/create       | Create ACL                      |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/acl/delete       | Delete ACL                      |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/acl/get          | List ACL for a share            |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/create           | Create a share                  |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/delete           | Delete a share                  |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/edit             | Update a share                  |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/extend           | Extend a share                  |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/get              | List shares                     |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/revertToSnapshot | Restore a snapshot              |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/snapshot/create  | Create a snapshot               |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/snapshot/delete  | Delete a snapshot               |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/snapshot/edit    | Update a snapshot               |
| storageNetApp:apiovh:share/snapshot/get     | List snapshots                  |

### Trident CSI Installation

> The installation uses Helm with specific images hosted on Docker Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation uses Helm with custom images hosted on Docker Hub.
```

> These images include a driver added by OVHcloud to control OVHcloud Enterprise File Storage resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These images include an additional storage driver that enables consumption of persistent storage from OVHcloud Enterprise File Storage.
```
